# Computational-Geometry

USF Course: Introduction to Computational Geometry 
Project Topic: Creation of the distance library using Processing and Python
Date: November 8, 2019
Members: 
	Daniel Anzola Delgado
	Brandon Jones
	

READme Description: The 'READme' file serve as an information hub for the project that will inform, educate users about the program created.

Description of the Topic: 
			 As the project topic describe, the goal of the project is to create a distance library using resources of Processing and Python. 
			 Python can be described as an interpreted, high-level, general-purpose programming language 
			 and processing is classified an open-source graphical library 
			 and integrated development environment built for the electronic arts, new media art, and visual design communities. 
			 Utilizing these programming languages the project will be able to facilitate three(3) functions. 

			 These function can be described as "Finding Distance", "Point Inside", and "Intersection".
			 These function will operate on different types of object that will be inputted into the program by users. 
			 There will be numerous of objects such as: (point, line, segment, ellipse, triangle, polygon, circle, curve (set of segments)). 
			 As a result, the distance function will calculate the distance between any two object selected from the list above. 
			 The "Point inside" function will verify if a point is inside another object and 
			 the "Intersection" function will verify if there is an intersection between two objects.


[Processing] How to use:
	● Press 'run' icon on Processing to initiate the program.
	● Press '1' through '8' to choose an object to create.
	  NOTE: When creating polygons or curves, press 'spacebar' to indicate that you finished inputting points.
	● Press '+' or '-' to choose the object you want to target for further calculations.
	● Press 'p' to print results.
	● Press 'e' to export objects to a json file.
	● Press 'c' to clear screen and variables.


[Python 3.7] How to use:
	● Ensure that the json file generated by the Processing program is located on the same directory and the main file
	  and that the name has not been modified.
	● Run the main file and it will report the data that has been loaded to the program.


